how will new you react this holiday
season November 24 2014 dear ones
perhaps you have many memories both good
and bad of this family holiday season
how will new you react the next few
weeks will you wish to be surrounded by
those you love will you prefer being
alone will you accept whatever your
family or friends wish to create or will
you create new holiday traditions all
questions pointing to your discomfort
with what should or should not happen in
your heart during the season and fears
of Christmas or holidays past your
society trained you to create feelings
you may or may not feel love is in the
air love created by society for this
season even though you are a new being
with new beliefs your societal demanded
heart actions are difficult for many of
you to ignore it is as if the world
conspires to insist you open your heart
for a few hours of a specific date your
heart no longer functions as in the past
you may feel great love for a friend
relative or community based on
celebrations but you could as easily
feel little or nothing and become
concerned as a result when you review
your belief patterns you most often
shift your perceptions to better fit new
you but even knew you probably has
difficulty is switching off expectations
or fears when surrounded by those
insisting you experience an activity as
dictated you are no longer of the norm
but then you are not so strongly in
meshed in your new being that you can
easily brush aside society's
expectations including new earth friends
do not most no matter what new earth
stage they are in continue to wish you
happy holidays prepare special foods and
exchange gifts indicating that a day or
days of your calendar year a calendar
created by your 3d world has
significance for new you indeed this
season might have significance but
somewhat different from the past
including healing or ignoring family
wounds creating new rituals or return
rituals you cannot be a new being and
observed the same rituals with the same
feelings as in the past do not be
surprised confused or angry with
yourself if you feel little or nothing
if past rituals seem somewhat boring or
if they have different or more
significant meanings you are a new being
with new needs such shifts do not make
you a callous or bad person merely a
different person and entity you are
learning to love with your entire being
allowing yourself to be as is right for
you this holiday season does this mean
you might skip a family or friend
gathering or be bored with something
that once warmed your heart yes you are
new you perhaps you will revisit rituals
to determine if they are of your new
being or pieces you no longer wish to
continue allow yourself to experience
what you're being wishes to experience
what is right for you that is what you
will experience this holiday season must
you share your experiences or feelings
with others must you tell those not in
the know how ridiculous celebrating a
holiday created by humans but not
necessarily felt by any or all is of
course not this is your new you not
anyone elses perhaps your best friend
will find joy in rituals you ignore
perhaps your heart will open on the
specific day given that society is
stressing love during this season it
does not matter what others are or are
not feeling all that matters is you know
what you are feel sense wish to
experience perhaps you will wish to
experience something entirely different
the next holiday season such as well and
good there are no rules in this
transition other than learning to love
yourself and to express that love with
your beacon of light this is an easy
transition if you will shoulds are
minimal love miss ignore or deny your
earth family if you wish ignore Glorian
or deny this holiday season this season
is no longer a societal or religious
season it is a personal season
of joy what gives you joy is your only
guidance not what the media tells you
that you should feel or what your
culture tells you that you should
celebrate or how your family dictates
your celebrations it is your personal
holiday season a season created for you
by you and evolving rapidly as new you
becomes dominant in your earth being
totality how will society react to this
rebel in you if that is how you decide
to react this holiday season it does not
matter for all of Earth are of Newerth
sun shining their beacons of light some
preparing to shine their beacon and some
refusing or frightened to do so for
reasons you may never understand it does
not matter for even though you are one
you have a specific role to play think
of yourself as a hair cell and your
family a nail cell dear toenails fall
off when you cut your hair or do the two
separate cell groupings function as
unique entities until you're being sends
a message to the contrary that affects
your entire physical body so it is at
this and all following holiday seasons
are unique self exploration adventures
no different from selecting a new
hairstyle perhaps you are concerned your
family or friends will not accept new
you such might be true especially during
this holiday season but that is not your
concern for they are not tasked with
learning how to love you you are so
allow yourself to be in all your
totality most often easier in non
holiday seasons than those days and
times of societal expectations so be it
Amen channeled by Brenda Hoffman life
tapestry creations wordpress com